annot: Take 2.5 cups of all purpose flour in a bowl
ACTID: 0
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] 2.5 cups of all purpose flour (-1)
[PP, food, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: add 1 tsp sugar, 1-2 tsp of oil
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1 tsp sugar (-1), 1-2 tsp of oil (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: add the yeast
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the yeast (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add salt to taste
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Add ¼ cup of plain yoghurt at room temperature
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1/4 cup of plain yoghurt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: kneed the dough using the mixer
ACTID: 5
PRED: kneed
[DOBJ, food] the dough (4)
[PP, location, using] the mixer (-1)
annot: add a little water at a time to form a soft dough
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a little water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: Take the dough in a separate bowl
ACTID: 7
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the dough (6)
[PP, location, in] a separate bowl (-1)
annot: let it aside for 30-40 minutes in a warm place
ACTID: 8
PRED: set
[DOBJ, food] it (7)
[PP, other, for] 30-40 minutes in a warm place (-1)
annot: grease the dough with oil
ACTID: 9
PRED: grease
[DOBJ, food] the dough (8)
[PP, food, with] oil (-1)
annot: take small pieces of dough
ACTID: 10
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] small pieces of dough (9)
annot: dip it in loose flour
ACTID: 11
PRED: dip
[DOBJ, food] it (10)
[PP, food, in] loose flour (-1)
annot: roll it into a round shape sprinkling flour using a rolling pin
ACTID: 12
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] it (11)
[PP, other, using] a rolling pin (-1)
annot: heat a pan
ACTID: 13
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, location] a pan (-1)
annot: cook the naan on medium heat for 2-3 minutes with covered lid
ACTID: 14
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the naan (12)
[PP, location, on] medium heat for 2-3 minutes with covered lid (13)
annot: Flip it over the flame to let it puff
ACTID: 15
PRED: flip
[DOBJ, food] it (14)
annot: spread butter over the naan
ACTID: 16
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1)
[PP, food, over] the naan (15)
annot: sprinkle some kasuri methi
ACTID: 17
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] some kasuri methi (-1)
[PP, food, ] (16)